hi everyone how are you doing so today's
tutorial is SuperDuper easy every day
have to that you can literally do in two
minutes not kidding
so let's begin for this tutorial you are
going to need a teasing brush a brush
like this you can get at any beauty
supply I'm gonna use a hairspray
I use a L'Oreal a rat tail comb and just
a hair brush and we're also gonna need
this these elastic bands get one in your
hair color so it blends well and you can
see the elastic band you can get these
pretty much at any dollar store or
Walmart they're a dollar or two okay so
let's begin with brushing the hair to
remove any tangles and I do get quite a
few tangles
just brush thoroughly alright so once
you brush them here you're gonna take a
small section here at the crown and
we're gonna tease that really fast so
for that you're gonna need the teasing
brush that we have and just move this
what you're gonna do is just if you
don't know how to tease here you just
want to up and down so it's just like
going up and down and that's gonna
create volume
alright and then just smooth it over
okay so what we're gonna do next is
section two here and I'm gonna use the
column the comb but you don't really
need to you can just use your fingers
and go like this
I'm using the comb cuz I like how it's
more precise so just gonna divide the
hair and then do the same on the other
side okay so once I grab the hair I'm
gonna take an elastic band it's so tiny
and I'll turn around so you can see what
I'm doing and just do it half ponytail
in the middle
okay
I'm just gonna check it in the mirror
okay looks good so or we get into next
and this part is super easy so don't
worry you just split the hair in two
with your fingers and then you take the
end and put it through the loop okay so
you just taking that end and flipping it
over and pulling it through the loop and
voila let me just see if I did it right
yeah that looks good
see you can't even detect the elastic
band so that makes it even nicer alright
and in the end I'll just spray a little
bit about that just to hold up better
for the day and that is it see I told
you it's only two minutes um so I hope
you guys like it please comment request
videos if you if you want and subscribe
if you haven't yet thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys soon